In the previous videos,
we created the version one of the star notary contract.
This time, we will write the second version of this contract by
using open zeppelins ERC 7-21 interface.
Now ERC 7-21 is a standard to make non-fungible tokens.
To fully appreciate why we chose to make our contract,
a non-fungible token asset,
it is worth understanding the difference between fungible and non-fungible.
When something is fungible,
in this case a token,
it means it can be easily replaced by something
identical and it is interchangeable with ease.
Real-world examples of something
fungible could include the five dollar bill in your pocket.
So, if you were to lend that five dollar to someone else,
it really wouldn't matter if they did not return the same exact one.
Now, this all changes when something is non-fungible.
Although two items may look a like or same at a glance,
each will have unique information or attributes
that make them irreplaceable or impossible to swap.
One physical example of a non-fungible asset could be a plane ticket.
Sure they look alike as all the other tickets,
but each one has a different passenger name,
destination, departure times and seat numbers.
Exchanging yours with someone else is just not going to make any sense.
While most tokens are fungible,
which means every token is same as every other token,
ERC 7-21 tokens are all unique.
Think of them like rare,
one of a kind collectibles.
If you're making some sort of game on Ethereum,
then you are most probably looking to use the non-fungible standard.
CryptoKitties, Magic cards are some of the famous ones.
You can tokenize any real world assets.
ERC 7-21 tokens can be used in any exchange,
but the value is a result of the uniqueness and the rareness associated with each token.
Stars are all unique too,
no two stars can ever be identical.
So, if you claim a star,
that star is always unique and no other star will exactly be the same.
Hence we are choosing the ERC 7-21 standard to tokenize our star notary contract.
So let's get started.